today I'm excited to share my
installation experience with the SFR
tuned ECU this is going to be probably
the easiest mod that you can do on your
car simply because it's the least amount
of steps taken to make the change we're
gonna take the ECU here this is the
pre-programmed ECU I received from JSF
are tuning soulful racing and we're
going to replace it with our stock one
it is the point five tune 0.5 stage tune
rather and so let's get started
first thing we're gonna do is disconnect
the negative terminal on the battery and
wait a few minutes just to make sure
that everything is discharged do you
want to disconnect the ECU and if you
have an automatic the TCU as well this
one right here is going to be the
transmission controller and this box
here with the two connectors is your ECU
so simply lift up like this it'll unlock
and you can lift straight out of the
port and it will be disconnected so
simply don't do that with all of them
you set them over to the side
okay and then you want a ten millimeter
socket with an extension and there are
actually let me show you how because you
have trouble doing it run hand but so if
you could take a look down here you'll
see that there's one two silver coloured
bolts and then there's going to be a
black bolt way down there if you can if
the camera will feel now the photo focus
its focusing now the camera so that's
all three ten millimeter bolts that you
will remove and this entire mount this
metallic mount for the ECU's will lift
up so let's go ahead and do that come in
that you use in a long extension socket
for the black bolt that that's it's in
there simply because the stud coming
through it is a little tall for the
standard sockets so this is a extended
size socket that I use still ten
millimeter so once you remove that
rather once you remove all three bolts
completely grab a hold pull the entire
simply out be very careful not to
scratch the body of the car
so at this point down nicely and we want
to remove these four bolts and this
entire ECU should slide off I believe
yes this is ten millimeter so just
continue using your 10 millimeter unbolt
and slide the stock ECU out
heywood the four bolts removed slide the
stock you see you out place it somewhere
so you don't get it mixed up grab a hold
of the replacement simply slide it into
place align the holes and reinstall the
four bolts after it's bolted on simply
slide it back in place and install the
three bolts after replacing the three
bolts reattach the connectors basically
the reverse of removing set the slot
down and then push the toggle down the
the flapper I rather I did I went ahead
and used both my hands to do it just to
make sure I did a solid connection
rather than doing it over to Cameron and
not making a good connection because you
don't want to mess with these two badly
last step or a second to last step is
reinstall the battery cable and then
give it a test run
okay now that the battery is connected
we're ready to do a test run and so
everybody has gathered around isn't well
maybe not everybody but let's see what
we did what we accomplished
well she fired up so that's a good sign
everything checks out okay
no immediate problems around so just
give it a test run but that's basically
all it takes to swap out your ECU
let me know if you have any questions
this is on a 2013 genesis coupe 2.0 T
thanks everyone